in 1945 some workers in Egypt
accidentally dug into an early Christian
hidden teachings of the bible that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden Jesus law of attraction
tomb inside they found a large jar
containing 13 leather-bound manuscripts
which were composed of 48 separate works
practically all of these works are
Gnostic meaning they teach salvation
through mystical knowledge and one of
these manuscripts contains the Gospel of
Thomas in Gnosticism people are believed
to be souls and material bodies only
through true knowledge can they ascend
and according to this religion Jesus is
the Redeemer who came to communicate
that knowledge and liberate man he
communicated this knowledge to selected
disciples one of them being Thomas in
almost all spiritual paths or traditions
that are followed eventually that which
is discovered
leads to this same ascension and if
these teachings have been placed in the
modern Bible the message may possibly
have been clearer and more focused on
the power that is held within each
person the Gospel according to Thomas
doesn't tell a story it's a compilation
of approximately 114 sayings attributed
to Jesus the opening words of the
document read these are the secret words
which Jesus the Living one spoke and
didymus Judas Thomas wrote down and he
said whosoever finds the interpretation
of these sayings shall never taste death
let not him who seeks desist until he
finds when he finds he will be troubled
when he is troubled he will marvel and
he will reign over the universe the
sayings themselves are not the secret
the secret lies in their interpretation
when you find the true answers it will
trouble you because it goes against most
of what you've been taught and when the
truth of it sets in it will marvel you
and then you will know your power that
you have supreme reign over your life
and everything in it that you truly can
experience heaven on earth the Gospel of
Thomas has been eliminated from the
Bible and there are many explanations as
to the reasoning some religious leaders
express that if you read it and compare
it to what you see in the New Testament
it's a very different kind of book
presenting a quite different Jesus they
claim that these particular teachings
hidden teachings of the bible that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden Jesus law of attraction
about Jesus meshed with certain
philosophical principles that only grew
in popularity but that they aren't
necessary to the work of the Bible how
many have heard of the lost gospel of
thomas the lost gospel of thomas some of
you have heard of that text very very
powerful text the lost gospel of thomas
is powerful because it is believed to be
the actual words of jesus as he was
teaching those around him how to use the
power of human emotion in his life and
if the indigenous people know it and if
the ancient people know it why don't we
know it what happened to our knowledge
well this is a very good question and
the answer is this in our Western
tradition and I'm when I say Western I'm
assuming that we are of the
judeo-christian tradition is what I'm
talking about here there was a time when
this field and the language of emotion
was part of our tradition it was in our
texts until the fourth century the year
325 AD in the year 325 something
happened
our texts were edited and we lost
tremendous amounts of information
the emperor constantine in the early
christian church with the early
Christian Bible had to make decisions
what information do we include what
information do we exclude and what we
know now is that at least at least 45
books were either completely taken away
or tremendously edited into what we call
today our Western biblical tradition and
when those edits were made we lost the
information that tells us everything is
connected
we lost the information that tells us
the language that speaks to this field
we know the information was lost because
we are now recovering the information in
the Dead Sea Scrolls in the NAG Hammadi
library in the Coptic texts this is how
hidden teachings of the bible that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden Jesus law of attraction
we know this information was lost
when we find writings belonging to Jesus
that are not recorded in our primary
sources but are consistent with the ones
that are we are inclined to believe that
they do indeed come from him however
when the saying seemed to be a bit
inconsistent with other teachings we are
told they have been edited out due to
validity rather than the fact that they
are the sacred truths intended to be
passed into the hands of all people but
they have only been reserved for a few
any spotlight on the belief that each
person is filled with the same higher
power as Jesus rather than it being an
outside force to be feared would have
changed everything we know about life in
our entire history because we are each
different does not make us separate we
are all a part of the same one
consciousness simply taking different
forms here are some of the sayings of
Jesus from the Gospel according to
Thomas and their possible
interpretations verse number 3 if those
who lead you say to you see the kingdom
is in the sky then the birds of the sky
will precede you if they say to you it
is in the sea then the fish will precede
you rather the kingdom is inside of you
and it is outside of you when you come
to know yourselves then you will become
known and you will realize that it is
you who are the sons of the Living
father but if you will not know
yourselves you dwell in poverty and it
is you who are that poverty this
teaching refers to the consequences of
believing that power is outside of the
individual if you believe that this
ruling power belongs to someone or
something else then that thing will hold
dominion over your life
however when the realization is made of
who we each truly are the one
consciousness that moves through
everything and that all power comes from
within we can live in an ascended and
rich way the kingdom is inside of you
and it is outside of you you literally
manifest your outside circumstances from
within if you will not know yourselves
you dwell in poverty and it is you who
are that poverty the belief that outside
events and people have control over a
person's life keeps them from living the
richness that is rightfully theirs they
manifest as they believe verse 27 if you
do not fast from the world you will not
find the father's domain if we do not
turn away from the things that disturb
us and believe in the power within to
change all things we will continue to
experience that reality in our lives
verse 50 if they say to you where did
you come from say to them we came from
"hidden teachings" of the bible that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden "Jesus" law of attraction
the light the place where the light came
into being on its own accord and
established itself and became manifest
through their image if they say to you
is it you say we are its children we are
the elect of the living father if they
ask you what is the sign of your father
in you say to them it is movement and
repose the word light is used to portray
the origin of humans the light is the
consciousness of each person manifested
as a physical being it is the all in all
that exists as each individual
consciousness lives through us as
activity and awareness
verse 77 Jesus said it is I who am the
light which is above them all it is I
who am the all from me did they all come
forth and unto me did they all extend
split a piece of wood and I am there
lift up the stone and you will find me
there
this explains that the one consciousness
lives within everything what lives in
him also lives within all other things
first 113 his disciples said to him when
will the kingdom come jesus said it will
not come by waiting for it it will not
be a matter of saying here it is or
there it is rather the kingdom of the
Father is spread out upon the earth and
men do not see it we have always had the
power within ourselves but we have lost
sight of it it is not something that we
have to wait to experience this
consciousness is already a part of all
things including each person
to unleash the force of the divine
matrix in our lives first we have to
understand how it works and the science
tells us how it works
secondly we must speak the language that
the divine matrix recognizes and science
cannot tell us that that comes from our
past from our culture from our history
from those who have learned and used
this language for thousands of years so
this is what we're doing right now we're
learning what did Jesus and what did the
great masters say about this this
language because it's the same whether
you're talking Buddhist or Hindu or
Christian pre-christian traditions
they're all telling us that there is a
field of energy and that we have the
language to use that field this is an
actual page out of the Gospel of Thomas
so we know that this this ancient gospel
actually existed and you can you can see
some of the letters these are Greek
letters you can actually read some of if
you know Greek you can see some of the
Greek letters right here in the Gospel
of Thomas two very important keys this
was written that right around 300 years
after the time of Jesus in this gospel
okay so here's what we're doing we've
been in the Buddhist monasteries in
Tibet and they're telling us that we
must that feeling is the prayer one two
that we must feel as if our prayers have
already been answered okay and now we're
in an Egyptian monastery with the texts
hidden teachings of the bible that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden Jesus law of attraction
that used to be our tradition before
they were edited and we're going to look
at the instructions that tell us how to
do that okay if we do that it's a good
okay
Gospel of Thomas if you have a copy of
the Gospel of Thomas this is verse 106
translated from the NAG Hammadi library
and if you do not have a copy it's in
our books and you can you can go to any
library and pick this up verse 106 look
at what the Lost Gospel of Thomas says
it says when you make the to thought and
emotion 1 so the Gospel of Thomas is
talking about thought and emotion it's
saying when you make your thought and
your emotion one look at what happens
you will say to the mountain mountain
move away and the mountain will move
away saying that when you can marry your
thought in your emotion into one single
potent force that is when you have the
power to speak to the world secondly
when you make the two one what are they
talking about what are the two let's go
back to our image the two thought and
emotion when the two become one in our
hearts we create the feelings in our
bodies when thought and emotion become
one you'll see how to do that in just a
minute let's go back to the Gospel of
Thomas another verse now this is verse
it says almost the same thing this was
so important that it was recorded at
least three different times in the same
Gospel look at what this says if the two
make peace with each other in this one
house when Jesus is talking about the
house or the temple what is he talking
about what is he talking about precisely
you you are the house you are the temple
if the two make peace with each other in
this house if
thought and emotion become one if they
make peace with each other in this house
look what happens they will say to the
mountain move away and it will move away
he's telling us again in a completely
different verse how powerful it is to
marry thought in emotion but they still
haven't told us how how do you do this
that's the next piece in the early
Christian Bible your Bible today there
is a passage how many have heard ask and
ye shall receive have you heard that
before
ask and you shall receive you heard that
I know people that asked and asked and
asked and nothing happens because the
asking is not done with the voice the
asking is not done please please bring
this to my world that's not asking to
ask we must speak to the field to the
divine matrix in the language that the
field recognizes and a language that's
meaningful the field doesn't recognize
our voice it recognizes the power of our
heart remember this morning our heart we
have a feeling creates electrical waves
magnetic waves that's the language the
field recognizes so when you create the
feeling in your heart as if your prayer
is already answered that creates the
electrical and the Magnetic waves that
bring that answer to you in the Bible
hidden teachings of the bible that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden Jesus "law of attraction"
that you have today the King James
Version John 16 23 24 what you have is
the condensed version you have the
edited version the edited version looks
like this this is the edited version
whatsoever he ask the Father in my name
he will give it to you hitherto
have ye asked nothing in my name
okay ask and ye shall receive that your
joy may be full
okay this is the edited version this is
so amazing to me because they took out
the two sentences that tell us how to
ask in the fourth century when the edits
happened they took those two sentences
out would you like to see those two
original sentences okay we'll go back
into the original Aramaic and we'll look
at a new translation this is the
original Aramaic it begins it looks very
similar so this is the retranslated
version with the missing pieces all
things that you asked straightly
directly from inside my name you will be
given it says so far you've not done
this because if we ask with our voice we
have not done this now here's the piece
that was edited here is what was lost
look at these two very powerful
sentences ask without hidden motive and
be surrounded by your answer be
enveloped by what you desire that your
gladness be full look at what it's
saying it's not saying the speak a word
it's saying to be surrounded to feel as
if if you are surrounded you are feeling
as if your answer has already happened
be enveloped if you want the perfect
relationship in your life if you want
the healing in the body of your loved
ones feel the feeling of what it is like
as if that has already happened be
enveloped by what you desire because
that is when your thought in your
emotion become one you think the thought
of the healing in your loved ones
and you feel the love of that thought
they become one and that is the language
that this field recognizes does that
make sense are you okay with that you're
going to see an example of this another
example here in just a moment
hidden teachings of the bible that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden Jesus law of attraction
ask without hidden motive what does that
mean hidden motive ask without judgment
this is precisely what the Buddhists are
telling us ask without the judgment of
the right or the wrong or the good or
the bad ask without the ego ask from the
heart is this meaningful to you is this
helpful at all let me give you an
example then because to be if it says be
surrounded that means to feel as if to
feel as if now if that sounds too
religious because it's from the Bible we
smoked spoke this morning about Nevel
the the philosopher Nevel early in the
20th century his book the power of
awareness look at what he says it's the
same thing
Nevel says you must make your future
dream a present fact now by assuming the
feeling of your wish fulfilled to come
from the place that that's already
happened now this is what those
practitioners did with that cancerous
tumour I want to just elaborate on this
a little bit when those practitioners
healed the woman with her tumor this
morning they did not judge the cancer is
wrong or bad or right or good there was
no judgment they accept that tumor as a
possibility one of many possibilities
because in the quantum world all things
are possible so they didn't say bad
cancer you must go away
or we're going to operate on you or
we're going to use radiation on you they
didn't do that they accepted the cancer
as it was without hidden motive without
judgment and they said now we're going
to choose a new reality by feeling
assuming the feeling as if the woman is
already healed
so what they did was they felt the
feeling as if the woman was fully healed
fully enabled fully capacitated already
happened in the the chant that they were
using
Wassa Wassa loosely translates into the
words already done already done and then
when they got excited they said mate
mate mate means now now now not a year
from now not a month from now not five
minutes from now now in the quantum
world now and her body responded it must
physical reality must respond to the
language that it understands so in the
Buddhist traditions they are telling us
the quality of the feeling and in the
judeo-christian traditions they are
giving us the instructions to be
surrounded to be enveloped how to create
that feeling and when you put those all
together it's something that happens in
our hearts not in our minds feeling as
if the prayer is already answered with
"hidden teachings of the bible" that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden Jesus law of attraction
no judgment and no ego and feeling from
the result feeling from the result as if
it's already happened are there any
martial artists here in the room karate
experts
I studied martial arts when I was in my
20s and 30s a little bit my 40s and 50s
have you seen martial artists when they
demonstrate their focus
by breaking a concrete block have you
seen that you've all seen that before
right okay here's the secret here is the
secret to breaking that block when the
martial artist is focused on that block
the very last thing that they are
thinking is about their hand hitting the
block because if they think about that
they know it will hurt so they focus on
what happens after their hand has passed
through the block as if it has already
happened they focus on a place below the
block and feel the feeling as if their
hand is already in that place that is a
metaphor that is an equivalent for what
we're doing with the power of emotion
feeling as if the experience has already
happened the Gospel of Thomas represents
our connection to consciousness and all
that is it is the knowledge that
liberates man if a person does not
experience this higher consciousness
they believe themselves to be separate
alone and simply a victim of
circumstance to break free from any
manifested reality that does not serve
what a person desires the false image of
the self must be replaced with the true
knowledge of who and what we each are
and the power that we each possess
hidden teachings of the bible that explain manifestation, consciousness and oneness Gregg Braden Jesus law of attraction